Can God create a stone so heavy that they themselves would fail to lift it?

I am such a stone and I would keep believing in the God's ability to lift me up!

I never believed in the idea of destiny, I never really did.

To me, the idea of Fate and Destinies, felt limiting — almost suffocating.

I felt that this idea contradicted the idea of free will.

I wanted to assume agency and do whatever the heck my heart so desired.

Whatever outcomes resulted, I would assume accountability. I would learn from my failures and improvise. This was my motto, this was my talk that I walked every wakeful moment.

And boy, it sure helped. I achieved great successes one after the other, and I kept getting better and better each day.
I was improving at great lengths everyday and paving the path for even bigger successes yet to come. I felt that even the sky was not the limit. Until — one day I failed.

As a former child prodigy, I was never able to rise back ever again, the weight of my dead dreams kept pulling down my life; for myself and the others who tried to pull me up would also be pulled down into the messes that I created, thus sinking, together.

I felt that I was carrying the weight of the world, and who is it that can pull up the world when it starts to fall down and crumble?

Taste of this single failure was more bitter than the sweetnesses of all my previous successes combined.

I thought that I could accept failures as mere decorations in my journey, only as a stepping stone for greater learnings, but o' boy, was I wrong. I was never more wrong in my life.

I had guessed wrong. I thought that with my intelligence and attitude, I could conquer the world, but again, I was wrong — wrong in my ignorance to claim, what I never had any real authority to claim.

I became as ordinary as an ordinary pebble that any random unassuming traveller would kick and remove from the path that they would walk, while walking along the road of their dreams like a stumbling stone towards their success and winnings. Each of them would hurry to pen down their success stories, while my tears inspired no one.

This fact surprising me that how could it be possible that the weight of my dead dreams, which seemed greater beyond any known criteria, for the resistance they carried when someone tried lifting up my spirits to cheer me up, to reverse my life's downward trajectory and fall, was evidently greater than anything else, anything anyone could ever imagine.

I was perplexed as to why my now dead dreams carried no weight whatsoever when someone did things unconnected to my dreams, like tossing and throwing my dead dreams away like a garbage — meant to be thrown and disposed.

It was my own adamance that I would never want to throw away my desecrated dreams so easily, never accept them as garbage as the other people thought them out to be, and to never-ever not let them see the light of the day. I want them to become Light, and shine bright, each dream to become a star of it's own illuminating the darknesses of many. The reason I was hesitant to throw away and shed my "dead-weights", is because I respect not the final outcome, I respect the Intention behind my start of those things.
I kept trying and trying and I kept failing and failing and failing, with each failure more devastating and torturous than the last.

I was learning lesser and lesser every try as the pain and regrets from every failure accumulated more pains and regrets than I could count.

I felt that the light of my dreams was diminishing, was I to ever become the Light that I seek to become?
I tried and tried and tried, I failed and failed and failed, until I finally succeeded.

Then I finally understood.
I was meant to chase not hollow achievements; I was meant to chase the greatness of my God.

I will be the final Light House that guides ships at Seas.

The Light I become guides both the bodies of the ships, and the souls of it's drivers.

The final sight will be the burning of all Light Houses,

but the fire, will it inspire?