**Fallen Valkyrie, Redemption**

Blinded by my resentful ignorance,
I mistook my nurturing as imposed restrictions,
despised the path that would lead to my inner growth,
instead wearing shallow pride and vanity as my decorated ornaments as I fell into a life full of sinful depravity.

One by one, I plucked the feathers of my dreams, and replaced them, deliberately, with rusty old chains that bound my soul, to numb my guilty conscience while
seeking the thrilling exuberance of the new experiences, chasing the freedom I so longed for...

never to realize my folly, until it was too late to return.

In the past, I had the conviction that I was meant for something great,
that someday, I would fly high and soar the skies freely like a glorious majestic eagle,
but alas, now the weight of my sins bound my soul that was meant to be free, and regretfully I could not fly except in my dreams that had slowly turned into haunting nightmares.

In desperation, I sincerely begged and cried,
prayed to God that I want to go back to my past self,
to turn the clock to a time before I had sinned,
a return to a path where I could still chase glory;
I so desperately wanted to eradicate the seeds of sins that had rooted in my mind,
to be pure again,
to restore my pristine soul,
to reawaken my destiny that I had betrayed,
and boy, I was willing to pay any price for that, just that I did not know if it was still possible, as I would be needing something that is nothing short of a miracle.

I kept crying bitterly as I lamented my Fate, but nothing eased the pain, nothing reduced the guilt,
the path to greatness was lost and my life was as meaningless as it could possibly be.
Finally I came to the conclusion that
there was no point in trying to continue my dreadful existence, and extending the painful nightmare that I would never wake up from.

I scaled the highest cliff, reached the apex, and from there, jumped into the bottomless abyss in order to end my life.
With me gone, would also disappear — the pain, the guilt, the sadness.

I kept falling and falling and
sinking through greater depths —
replicating the downward curves of my life trajectory, spiralling towards eternal damnation.

But, did I want this?
thinking this, the tears of pain, slid uncontrollably,
as I kept recalling vividly —
The glorious past,
and "the destiny" I was supposed to materialize, if it hadn't been overpowered by this tragic Fate.

I sought refuge in the dreams I was meant to nurture,
the hope I was never meant to lose,
the past conviction that my life had a purpose,
all the while discarding the vain exterior I had slowly accumulated around my core: the shallow pride that I wore as armor to protect my fragile ego.

And strangely, in that moment of connection with the reality, I felt comfort.

I found solace in merely existing,
as if I was embraced by a gentle hand,
the warm reassuring hug
of a forgiving father,
the gentle embrace and protection of the cocoon that surrounded me in my mother's womb, where I was laid to rest,
without a care in the World.
The pains and sufferings didn't matter,
the pride and guilt didn't matter,
there was no longer a need to carry the emotional baggage to the place I was now heading towards.

As if responding to my conviction, happened a miracle,

my tears of regret, that were falling incessantly, started corroding the rustic chains that bound my heart, as if two things incompatible, sworn enemies that couldn't tolerate the presence of other, and I was able to rip them apart and cast them away with my bare hands, to discard them forever.

My soul healed from the touch of the origin, reignited my dreams, and new feathers started pushing through old scars, slow at first but then surging — and very soon before I knew it, I grew a whole new pair of wings... the wings of Ambition.

Turns out I didn't have to change something within me in order to transform myself into the version I wanted to be,
I just needed to remember the version of myself that I ought to be and live that with conviction from now on.

And so, I have decided to fly again once more, and never again to forget in this life, my purpose of existence.